readme.md, before:

## Pytorch Binary Image Classification
>Built with and tested on Python 3.8 


<h3> Setup Instructions </h3>

1) Install required Packages. 
Checkout https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/ for the best Torch installation for your machine. 
Enabling Cuda (GPU) as your device is strongly recommended as it will make testing and training much more efficient. 

2) Run main.py for first time setup
3) Add file(s) to the 'data' folder with your desired testing data. Run main.py to generate testing sets, run training and to generate a model.
4) (Optional) The Generated data can be moved into the 'tests' directory and new data sets and models can be generated and tested against it. 

Required Python Packages


>numpy<br>
torch<br>
scikit-image <br>
pandas<br>
matplotlib <br>
pillow




<h3>Linux Package Installation: </h3>

```bash
pip3 install numpy

pip3 install torch torchvision torchaudio

pip3 install scikit-image

pip3 install pandas

pip3 install matplotlib

pip3 install pillow
```
<h3>Windows Package Installation: </h3>

```bash
pip3 install numpy

pip3 install torch==1.9.0+cu102 torchvision==0.10.0+cu102 torchaudio===0.9.0 -f https://download.pytorch.org/whl/torch_stable.html

pip3 install scikit-image

pip3 install pandas

pip3 install matplotlib

pip3 install pillow
```

Commit message:

kraken-integration fixes and updated readme

readme.md, after:

## Pytorch Binary Image Classification
>Built with and tested on Python 3.8 


<h3> Setup Instructions </h3>

1) Install required Packages. 
Checkout https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/ for the best Torch installation for your machine. 
Enabling Cuda (GPU) as your device is strongly recommended as it will make testing and training much more efficient. 

2) Run main.py for first time setup
3) Add file(s) to the 'data' folder with your desired testing data. Run main.py to generate testing sets, run training and to generate a model.
4) (Optional) The Generated data can be moved into the 'tests' directory and new data sets and models can be generated and tested against it. 
5) (Optional) Checkout the kraken-integration branch for a stand alone version of the program set up with API calls to Kraken.

Required Python Packages


>numpy<br>
torch<br>
scikit-image <br>
pandas<br>
matplotlib <br>
pillow




<h3>Linux Package Installation: </h3>

```bash
pip3 install numpy

pip3 install torch torchvision torchaudio

pip3 install scikit-image

pip3 install pandas

pip3 install matplotlib

pip3 install pillow
```
<h3>Windows Package Installation: </h3>

```bash
pip3 install numpy

pip3 install torch==1.9.0+cu102 torchvision==0.10.0+cu102 torchaudio===0.9.0 -f https://download.pytorch.org/whl/torch_stable.html

pip3 install scikit-image

pip3 install pandas

pip3 install matplotlib

pip3 install pillow
```
